gh-118943: Remove 'regen-jit' from the 'regen-all' make target (#122602)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2024-08-02-12-59-15.gh-issue-118943.vZQtET.rst

> The ``regen-jit`` make target is no longer part of ``regen-all`` to avoid various
> race conditions when running ``regen-all``.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this, since we still regenerate the JIT, just once instead of twice. Something like this:

```suggestion
Fix an issue where the experimental JIT could be built several times by the ``make regen-all`` target, leading to possible race conditions on heavily parallelized builds.
```
